16. 17. 18. 19. 20.
Rest. Here.
Thanks.
You watch.
When I get my new legs fitted.
start doing laps around this place.
When you get your new legs fitted.
I'm taking you home.
Did you get my dress whites?
I wanna look sharp for the fellas
when I see 'em on the James tomorrow.
My first time back on board since my...
Eric.
The James is gone.
Mom and I went down
to the pier this morning
to deliver USO packages
before I came here. and...
The ship isn't there.
What?
There were a bunch of other
family members down there.
as surprised as we were.
Please. please don't be upset.
I know you... You had your...
Your heart set on going.
and...
Hey. are you okay?
It's on.
The invasion. this is it.
D-Day's coming.
The fact that we got out
without anyone knowing...
Means we got a shot to win this thing.
Attention all hands.
This is your captain.
We have now crossed south
of the 18th parallel.
In addition to the Marines on board.
we have 300 more
following us on USS Michener.
It's ourjob to see to it that they
make it safely to their destination.
From this moment forward.
all contacts. surface.
subsurface. and airborne.
are to be considered hostile.
The battle before us will most likely
alter the course of the war.
The conflict that began in Mayport will
end on the beaches of South America.
And we will be victorious.
That is all.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Fresh intel from the rebels.
There are now two divisions of troops
stationed in Panama
at the mouth of Gatun Locks.
- It's about 7.000 men.
- How?
There's no way they rebuilt the bridge
at the Darién Gap.
Must've pulled troops off the
front lines in Mexico and Nicaragua.
The canal is Gustavo's
center of gravity. and he knows it.
He's hunkering down. waiting for us.
In view of this intelligence.
the planned-on landing on the outskirts
of Colón. Panama. will not work.
So we pivot.
Where? Where's a soft spot?
Where do we land? Costa Rica?
Based on Dr. Montano's
war plans.
Gustavo likes to hang back until
he's certain of where we're striking.
and then mount a counterattack.
Yes. sir.
That's the Marines' experience.
So any beach we choose
will feel like a soft spot at first.
So we don't waste our energy
getting bogged down
in a protracted land engagement
when we're outgunned and outmanned.
We go with the beach
that leads us straight to the Cape.
What do we know of
Gustavo's defenses in Colombia?
Armando's rebels reported
peculiar troop concentrations
here. here and here.
That's the area where Gustavo was born.
A town called Rubi.
I bet he's there now.
There are several options
for beaches to hit.
The most obvious ones here and here
are most likely heavily mined
and protected.
There is a beach area here.
Locals call it Playa Roja.
Red Beach.
It's small. a little steep and rocky
for an amphibious landing.
Which means it's probably less guarded.
So we'll make our landing there.
take out any troop bases.
fight our way to Rubi and take out Tavo.
Sir? Ma'am.
We had eyes on our
Panama landing for weeks.
We had every detail
of that place mapped out.
No one's sending any Marines in
without a solid plan. Colonel.
We'll send in a recon
and surveillance team
to give us a complete picture
of the beach.
If that checks out. come morning.
we're invading Colombia.
Navy and Marines. side by side.
I'll brief the team. sir.
Tavo. the Americans
have been planning an invasion
from Cuba for months now.
But now they know that they are
not strong enough to take Panama.
They are going to look for a place
less strongly defended.
We need to protect our base in Colombia.
- At the expense of the canal?
- Forget the canal.
They cannot threaten the canal
with two or three ships.
They are going to try to win
with a single strike.
We do agree. Tavo.
We all agree that we are vulnerable.
But it is up to you.
Either we move our troops
back to Colombia.
or we find someplace safe to move you.
Then what do you want to do?
Nine hundred miles
to the Colombian coast.
I wonder how many ships Gustavo's got
patrolling between here and there.
Two. maybe three.
Losing that Mexican oil terminal
had to slow him down.
- What's wrong?
- That beach.
We don't have any larger-scale charts
of our landing zone?
You...
You look different
than the first time we met.
You are haunted.
Or maybe hunted.
This is what war has done to you.
Cool movie projector. Old school.
Yeah. my old man sent it to me.
He teaches film appreciation
at my old high school.
Hi. Dad. Hi. Cherry Hill.
Dad wanted students to see films
as they were made.
On film.
So that's what we're gonna do.
We got a classic tonight.
These guys are about to storm
the beaches of South America.
I mean. a lot of them
probably won't come back alive.
Think they're in the mood for a movie?
Well...
That's sort of the point.
The way I see it.
I'm just lucky to be alive.
The virus. famine. the war.
Everybody I know is dead
except for these guys.
You know what I'm talking about?
People are freaking out at home
right about now.
Should they be?
I don't know. Maybe.
I mean. if we lose down here.
there's not much to stop the enemy from.
I don't know. moving in.
So yeah. freaking out
sounds about right.
You ever get afraid?
Afraid. sure.
Um...
Fear is something you carry around
with the rest of your gear.
You know. it's. uh. it's a lot like
my boy Miller used to say.
You know. you. um...
When you're on a mission.
and your pack gets too heavy.
you gotta dump the stuff that's useless.
and fear is just one of those things.
Where's Miller now?
Is this gonna get broadcast?
Yes. of course.
What's up. Miller?
Do your reps and don't get lazy.
I'ma see you stateside.
And if you're outta shape...
I'ma kick your ass.
This man makes battle decisions
based on seeing a bird in the sky.
It's his wife.
He executes loyal officers
based on his fortune-teller's reading.
Hector. how many of our troops
have to die for this...
For this madman?
Gentlemen. please. have some respect.
He brought us this far.
You started this. and now you're afraid
to pull the trigger?
- What is your problem?
- I have known this man my whole life.
We were kids together.
The man you knew is gone.
General. you know this is true.
He is a danger to us all now.
Every hour we wait is another hour
he puts our entire continent at risk.
I say we vote.
Here and now.
All right.
Raise your hands if you agree.
At the commanding officers' dinner.
Gustavo Barros will die.
Admiral. I have something
at SLQ-32.
Bearing?
Zero-one-five.
Set general quarters.
Aye-aye. sir.
All hands. set general quarters.
Michener on semaphore reports contact
at zero-one-seven relative bearing.
Gator. calculate range.
Calculating.
With current bearing lines.
I have them at 27 miles.
Contact?
Didn't expect he'd have ships
patrolling this far north.
Maybe he has a fleet
bigger than we figured.
I have two ships.
Noviembre class corvettes.
doing a crossing pattern up ahead.
separating now.
Sentries stalking the waters.
looking for us.
Stop the ship. All stop.
Bridge. TAO. Admiral's orders. all stop.
All stop. Zero turns.
port and starboard.
Can't see 'em.
They're still over the horizon.
Gator. any sign they heard us?
No deviation
from established tracks as yet.
Speeds are unchanged.
Admirals on the bridge.
How the hell are we gonna
get past these guys?
If it was just us.
we might be able to slip through.
but with the Michener behind us...
It's like wearing a big flashing sign.
"We're here."
And we can't let 'em know we're here.
Even if we sink them. they'll radio back
to Gustavo that we're coming.
The invasion's off.
Ideas?
Sirs. ma'am.
If we calculate a moving plot
of the area of awareness of each ship.
and we slip along the edges of the
two zones by starting and stopping.
veering sharply.
and occasionally going backwards.
I think we can just miss each one.
It's like Frogger.
The old video game?
All right. tell Michener to tuck in
behind us as close as they can.
Course?
- One-nine-five.
- OOD. I have the conn.
Aye. Captain has the conn.
- Helm. set course one-nine-five.
- Aye. ma'am.
Setting course one-nine-five.
Signalman. alert Michener
to come 200 yards astern.
Aye. sir.
We're gonna Frogger.
First ship approaching CPA
in one minute.
Slow her down. Trail shafts.
Aye. aye. ma'am.
What's your current wind?
Sir. 14 knots on the port beam.
If we slow down any more.
we're gonna start to yaw.
and then we'll be presenting
a great big radar reflection to them.
Let her skid if the wind
starts to turn her.
Aye. aye. sir.
I've got a light on the horizon.
dead ahead.
That's them. but they're passing.
They're passing CPA in 10 seconds.
Now seven. now five.
Take your rudder left
four degrees.
Aye. aye. ma'am.
Rudder's left four degrees.
Passing on my mark.
Now!
- But here comes the second one.
- Back one-third now!
Signalman. tell Michener
to back off one-third.
Aye. sir!
That was way too close.
Second vessel is passing CPA...
Now.
- All ahead full.
- Aye. aye. ma'am.
All ahead full.
I think it worked.
They didn't see us.
Helm. come to course two-six-five.
Aye. ma'am. setting course
two-six-five.
Nice job.
I've thought it over. Hector.
and I've made my decision.
We're going to move a battalion
of troops back to Colombia.
Conchita showed me the signs.
and they're auspicious
for moving in this direction.
Please send my thanks to your oracle.
Thank you.
For everything.
Of course. Always.
Sorry. ma'am. this is off limits.
No cameras.
Unlike our initial target in Panama.
this beach hasn't been mapped closely.
And it's right in Gustavo's backyard.
I want intel on the surf. the sand.
and the landing area.
We need to know if and where
the enemy has placed guns or troops.
A few hundred souls will be storming
that beach tomorrow before dawn.
I don't want any surprises.
- Are we clear?
- Yes. sir!
Green. Burk. Wolf. you'll be
headed back to the ship tonight.
Good luck. see you in a few hours.
Kandie. Barco.
you're staying ashore to set targets.
Stay safe. stay quiet.
See you at dawn.
Got your swim legs?
You know I do.
What is it?
This is my last mission.
I mean it.
After this. after we do
what we came here to do...
I'm out. I'm done with war.
And if after all this. you and Frankie
can stand being around
whatever's left of me.
I'd love to come home.
You mean that?
What do you say. Captain?
We'll talk about it when you come back.
Okay.
You just make damn sure you come back.
Gear up. rookie.
We're outta here.
Bird is away.
- Can we reach 'em on one watt?
- Yes. sir!
For another minute or two.
Brawler. this is Nathan James.
You got your radio on?
Nathan James. we are currently
six miles from target.
Horizon's clear.
Try to keep that bird in one piece
till you get back.
Copy that. sir.
Unless you see something that threatens
the mission. go radio silent now.
Godspeed. Nathan James out.
Going zip lip now. sir.
Catch you on the flip side.
TAO. mark the time.
Recon team will drop
in three minutes.
Drop zone in 10 seconds!
Gonna have a 15-foot jump.
My grandfather piloted
a landing craft into Normandy.
A year later. he joined
the Seventh Fleet in the Pacific.
And here we are.
doing it all over again.
History tends to repeat.
A lesson you can share with your class
next semester. Professor.
They should be on the beach
by now.
This is Cobra One.
commencing periphery scout.
Cobra Two and Four.
establishing hide site.
Cobra Three and Five
commencing hydrographic survey.
Ah. that's right. boys.
Just another night at the beach.
Cobra Team. this is Cobra Five.
Well. the good news is. so far.
everything is consistent
with what we expected to find.
Copy that. Cobra Five.
And the bad news?
Oh. so far. everything is consistent
with what we expected to find.
We have steep inclines and
various near-surface obstructions.
I'm gonna suggest the Admiral rename
this operation "Less Than Ideal."
This is Cobra One.
I've got two observation posts
with machine gun placements.
Looks like 240s. 250 meters apart.
33 and 36 yards from shore.
A dozen or so military-age males
standing watch.
And some kind of makeshift barracks
on the bluff.
Hard to tell how many more
could be up there.
Copy that. Cobra One.
- Ready.
- Ready!
Cobra Two. antenna is set.
Establishing connection with Navy Spear.
I count swell periods
of five to seven seconds.
Direction is north-northwest.
It's gonna be a bumpy climb
up the beach.
I got the pucks.
XO. you all right?
Ah.
it's so beautiful here. man.
It's peaceful.
It's hard to believe how different
this place is gonna be in a few hours.
Let's go.
Navy Spear. this is Cobra Four.
Drinks are on the house. Over.
Cobra Four. this is Stonewall Six.
Go ahead with sit-rep.
Two anti-air artillery pieces.
half a dozen men with AK-47s.
Change of command TBD.
regular patrol every 15 minutes.
Conbeachrep consistent
with previous satellite imagery.
Coral outcroppings and obstructions
currently being marked in the water
with infrared pucks.
Cans.
- Hear that?
- Marking.
I'm sorry. sir.
I'm not hearing anything.
- A vessel. sir?
- A battleship.
No sign of her since the spring.
She's back.
Enhancing low frequencies.
Maybe they cut their engines. sir.
Admiral. surface contact on
passive bearing zero-four-four.
Now zero-four-three.
Unable to identify on SLQ-32.
- There is a ship out there.
- Yeah.
and it's right between us
and our team on the beach.
- Sonar.
- I have it.
Scanning profiles now.
It's a corvette.
- They followed us south?
- No. sir.
Previous contacts were Noviembres.
This... This is an Espora class.
Another ship.
This far east of Panama?
There's no sign
they've changed course or speed.
I don't think they've seen us yet.
Even if we stayed Emcon Alpha.
chances are she'll find us
or Michener very soon.
We move. we're found out.
and the operation is blown.
We stay put. same outcome.
And Cobra team is stranded on the beach.
We have to be ready to fight.
CIC. bridge.
Enable all manual bypass settings
for weapons.
TAO. aye. dispatching now.
Don't energize until my command.
Worse comes to worst.
we're gonna have to sacrifice
Nathan James to save Michener.
Keep those Marines on mission.
By that time. Gustavo's entire army
will be at the beach.
There won't be any mission.
Uh. ma'am? Sirs? If I may?
I think I know a way
for us to stay invisible.
Jamming? They'll sense that.
Sir. I can do it
without them even knowing
- that their system's being jammed.
- How?
Send out the helo.
line it with their bow.
and emit a custom-coded HF signal.
Now. the software
doesn't kill the radar entirely.
but it creates a loop.
giving them false imagery.
Software? I never heard of it.
It's new. sir.
And full disclosure. untested.
I started developing it in my JMO course
before we got called up.
Kind of a pet project.
Show us.
Mother. this is Brawler.
Radarjammer on board.
We are ready for action.
Copy that. Brawler.
So. once the HF signal's
picked up on enemy radar.
they won't be able to see us.
even though our helo's
right in front of 'em?
Yes. sir. I've only been able
to test this on commercial radar.
but it was designed to operate
above 1.000 megahertz.
It'll render. sir. I know it.
We good?
Going in low. slow. and without a glow.
Let's hope this nerd
knows what he's doing.
Here we go. girls!
Mother. we are seven mikes to target.
The entire war effort is riding
on an untested invisibility cloak.
This programmer hasn't failed us yet.
The corvette's still in its
standard search pattern. ma'am.
Good.
Let's hope we can keep it that way.
Helo should be coming up
on corvette's radar range soon.
Brawler. Mother.
Initiate jamming sequence.
Uh. Ensign?
Shouldn't this thing be
whooshing or something?
Negative. ma'am. Don't worry.
It's engaged.
I marked three areas
of obstruction.
IR signals are set to turn on
just before we launch.
We got about a dozen pucks left.
Let's carve out a lane for the tracks.
Mother. this is Brawler.
We are in position.
Here she comes.
And we're live. Mother.
Corvette should be panning the helo
as we speak.
- Is it working?
- Yes. sir. Admiral.
It should be.
Monitoring their corvette's
HF chatter now.
They're silent.
No alerts. no alarms.
We're drowning in radar right now.
I can't believe they can't see us.
I got something!
Biologicals.
Dolphins.
Corvette is changing course.
Toward Nathan James!
Prepare to drop Emcon Alpha!
Hold on. They're talking.
Gran Colombia Reina. reporting in.
Minor adjustment
to avoid marine interference.
Resuming the search pattern.
Nathan James is now
cleared of enemy ship.
The jamming worked.
Sir?
If you don't mind my saying.
you sailors sure know
how to put on a show.
Just another day at sea. Colonel.
Shit.
Cobra Team. we have contact.
Should we engage?
Negative.
We can't give up our position.
They can handle it.
Come on. boys.
Oh. no.
They found the marker!
Fernando?
You take the forepeak.
I'll clear below aft.
Okay. Burk!
You're good?
Come on. man.
You gotta get up.
Come on. Come on.
Come on. I got you.
Goddamn. Danny.
Goddamn.
Come on. buddy. Hey. stay with me now.
Burk.
Hector! Brother!
Welcome. Come in.
Felipe already started. He's hungry.
But we can eat now.
Sit.
The generals. unfortunately.
won't be joining us.
Sí. Tavo.
Tavo. what is going on?
Bad news. Hector.
The generals?
They were plotting against me.
- Who. Tavo?
- Eat. Hector.
Gazpacho shouldn't be allowed
to warm to room temperature.
It's good.
There must be a mistake.
You're telling me there was a coup.
amongst my generals?
"Your" generals?
I hope they aren't
your generals. Hector.
No.
They're cowards.
And I warned you against them.
Are you sure?
I've known these men a very long time.
I would have heard something!
There is no mistake. Hector.
So you have proof?
Conchita saw it in the cards.
Tavo.
We cannot play with men's lives.
These cards cannot always be trusted.
They confessed.
Chacon. Bianchi. Rodriguez.
Muños. Moreno.
Every single one of them.
My God.
But it doesn't matter.
Not really.
All I wanted to know.
the only thing I asked them
before I removed their intestines was.
"Did Hector know?"
Of course. none of them gave you up.
But they gave each other up real quick.
But you?
Not you.
Then I started feeling bad...
For doubting you.
- It's... It's okay...
- No. no. no. no.
With all the pressure
from the war. I've...
I know I've gone a little crazy.
and I'm sorry about that.
You don't have to apologize. Tavo.
I support you. Always.
Of course you do. Of course. I know.
That is why I want you
to lead the investigation
to see just how far down
this conspiracy goes.
I want it torn out by the roots!
Sí. Tavo.
I will handle it personally.
Like always.
Conchita.
Hector...
My friend.
My brother.
If you're gonna stab a man
in the back.
the least that you can do
is look him in the eye!
Tavo.
Vivos.
Viva Tavo.
You can wear your uniform home.
but not longer than 30 days.
Suppose they paid you off
in South Africa.
And you went home on foot.
They can't tell you how to go home.
Well. you can go home on a pogo stick.
You gotta think of your mother.
The regulations clearly state...
That only applies to Marines.
You ain't really a Marine anymore.
Besides. the regulations
is very elastic.
I was even a colonel once
for a couple of days.
And a brighound
for a couple of months.
Back it up 20 seconds. please. 14:22.
You're sure that's the correct marker?
Admiral Chandler says he heard
the battleship between these frames.
I'm positive. ma'am.
I've studied the recording
from end to end.
and I can't find anything.
Guess Gator's got the right idea.
Try and keep their minds off things.
even just for a few hours.
So tell me. Admiral.
What's going through your head
on the night before D-Day?
Nathan James.
The ship?
The sailor.
The ship's namesake.
Captain Nathan James skippered a PT boat
during the war in the Pacific.
His fleet was decimated.
His boat was all that was left standing
against nine Japanese destroyers.
The boat sank beneath him.
Not before he stopped
the enemy's advance.
He single-handedly saved a fleet
of newly-repaired American destroyers
coming out of Pearl Harbor.
carrying thousands of sailors
into the fight.
Captain James said. "War is a beast.
"It appears in many forms.
"Sometimes it's the beast
you face head on...
"Out on the field of battle. as equals.
"and sometimes the beast hides out.
"lurking somewhere in the deep.
"biding his time until.
"when your guard is dropped.
he comes for you...
"Bloodthirsty and merciless.
"And it drags you under.
"On any given day. you never know
which beast you're gonna face."
Which beast is it for you. Admiral?
All aboard!
I knew the Marines
could do almost anything.
but I never knew
they could do anything like this.
You've got no idea.
English-US-Template
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm